docs: readme updates (#3134)
lockbook/lockbook: docs/README.md

# Lockbook: Encrypted Notebook
Write notes, sketch ideas, and store files in one secure place. Share seamlessly, keep data synced, and access it on any platform—even offline. Lockbook encrypts files so even we can’t see them, but don’t take our word for it: Lockbook is 100% open-source.

[<img height= "30" src="https://apple-resources.s3.amazonaws.com/media-badges/download-on-the-app-store/black/en-us.svg">](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/lockbook/id1526775001) [<img height= "30" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/78/Google_Play_Store_badge_EN.svg/2560px-Google_Play_Store_badge_EN.svg.png">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.lockbook)

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1014184997751619664?label=Discord&style=plastic)](https://discord.gg/lockbook)

[![What's Lockbook Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/doPI9IajzKw/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doPI9IajzKw)

## Community-Driven
Lockbook is in open beta. Join our community, share your feedback, and help achieve our vision of open-source privacy without compromises.

## Private & Secure

> Keep your thoughts to yourself! Lockbook uses secp256k1 ECDSA keys—just like Bitcoin—to hide your data even from us. Your files never leave your device without being encrypted with your private key. Your private key is generated on your device and transferred directly to your other devices by scanning a QR code or typing a 24-word phrase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep your thoughts to yourself! Lockbook uses elliptic curve cryptography —just like Bitcoin—to hide your data even from us. Your files never leave your device without being encrypted with your private key. Your private key is generated on your device and transferred directly to your other devices by scanning a QR code or typing a 24-word phrase.
```

Reviewer: more clear imo
